this is a recreation of Adele makeups
from post card 2013 her makeup was so
classy and chic I post it on my blog the
photo was inspired by and I really hope
you liked the tutorial I already prime
my lids and I use the elf eyelid primer
i'll be using a creamy think I shadow as
a base because it seems that they'll had
a base pink color on holiday couldn't
find an eyeshadow with a perfect finish
so I'll make two eyeshadows a shimmery
and Matt one first i'll be applying the
shimmery and them i'll add a tiny amount
of the matte eyeshadow as a result I've
got a perfect setting finish
go for a meth white eyeshadow for your
brow bone and inner corner
in the Chris will be applying a mess
like brown national
with a cream beige color blended brown
now on to the eyeliner part i line my
lash line first and then do the wing I
will keep it shorter than I'd like it to
be just because this is a recreation of
a dell look
to intensify the black I apply liquid
black liner over my job and I keep the
tip of my eye pencil into my gel liner
and cover two thirds of my waterline
with it
then take a gray eyeshadow and apply it
on your lower lid
apply the black eyeshadow very close to
your lash line
slightly blend the edges with a pencil
brush connecting at the same time the
wing with the eyeshadow on your lower
lip
before I applied this lipstick i line my
lips with a light brown lip liner
complete the loop with a light
contouring and the touch of highlighter
and blush
you
and here you have the completed look
thank you a lot for watching check all
the products used on my blog don't
forget to subscribe and like my video if
you enjoyed it see you very soon bye